Add/Update Cmdlet Docs (#11229)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsTeamsComplianceRecordingPolicy.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CustomBanner

> Reference to the Custom Banner text in the storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
References the Custom Banner text in the storage.

```
